[App config] Prepare for GA release (#27636)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/appconfiguration/app-configuration/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 1.5.0 (2023-11-07)

### Features Added

> - With the new API version `2023-10-01`, the configuration snapshot feature is generally available.

Reviewer: Since this is a big change, please mention the relevant classes and methods for the feature and link any samples.

# Release History

## 1.5.0 (2023-11-07)

### Features Added

> - With the new API version `2023-10-01`, the configuration snapshot feature is generally available. Snapshots can be created with filters that determine which key-value pairs are contained within the snapshot, creating an immutable, composed view of the configuration store. The [`AppConfigurationClient`](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/@azure/app-configuration/appconfigurationclient) has some terminology changes from App Configuration in the portal. Snapshots are represented as `ConfigurationSnapshot` objects. See [`snapshot.ts`](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/main/sdk/appconfiguration/app-configuration/samples/v1-beta/typescript/src/snapshot.ts) for more information now how to use snapshots.

Reviewer: Move this _"The [`AppConfigurationClient`](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/@azure/app-configuration/appconfigurationclient) has some terminology changes from App Configuration in the portal"_ to the key concepts in readme appropriately.

> - With the new API version `2023-10-01`, the configuration snapshot feature is generally available. Snapshots can be created with filters that determine which key-value pairs are contained within the snapshot, creating an immutable, composed view of the configuration store. The [`AppConfigurationClient`](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/@azure/app-configuration/appconfigurationclient) has some terminology changes from App Configuration in the portal. Snapshots are represented as `ConfigurationSnapshot` objects. See [`snapshot.ts`](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/main/sdk/appconfiguration/app-configuration/samples/v1-beta/typescript/src/snapshot.ts) for more information now how to use snapshots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- With the new API version `2023-10-01`, the configuration snapshot feature is generally available. 
Snapshots can be created by defining the key and label filters to capture the required configuration settings from the App Configuration instance, creating an immutable, composed view of the configuration store. The filtered configuration settings are stored as a snapshot with the name provided during creation.
Snapshots are represented as `ConfigurationSnapshot` objects. 
`AppConfigurationClient` is enhanced with new support to create, list archive, and recover operations with snapshots.
See [`snapshot.ts`](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/main/sdk/appconfiguration/app-configuration/samples/v1-beta/typescript/src/snapshot.ts) for more information now how to use snapshots.
```

# Release History

## 1.5.0 (2023-11-07)

### Features Added

- With the new API version `2023-10-01`, the configuration snapshot feature is generally available. 

> Snapshots can be created by defining the key and label filters to capture the required configuration settings from the App Configuration instance, creating an immutable, composed view of the configuration store. The filtered configuration settings are stored as a snapshot with the name provided during creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature allows you to create snapshots by specifying key and label filters. These filters help capture the necessary configuration settings from your App Configuration instance, creating an immutable, composed view of the configuration store. The filtered configuration settings are stored as a snapshot with the name provided during its creation.
```

Author: Harsha the bot is my new favorite AI 💯

Reviewer: All hail Bing chat

> `AppConfigurationClient` is enhanced with new support to create, list archive, and recover operations with snapshots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`AppConfigurationClient` is enhanced to support new operations such as create, list archive, and recover operations with snapshots.
```
